Even the seven-foot-long lord defeated me
This is a bit of a skill
Who else is not convinced, just stand still
If not
Then today's competition is recruiting relatives
But I, Luo Zhan, came out on top
Don't try to escape
If you wait for the 52 adults of the Five Emperors to arrive
You will surely die without a burial place
Sure! I've waited for them long enough. Enough!
Offended the Valkyrie
It's like poking a hole in the sky
If you don't enter the Valkyrie Platform, you will be seriously injured and rise seven feet.
Your crime
Enough for us to cut him
Removal for the entire next week
If you don't go
Don't blame me. You're welcome.
You do too
If I hadn't helped you back then
Next week, the three major families will kill Xiaoyue
How could there be today?
The first disaster ashore
First kill the righteous
Wu Cha, hurry up
Just narrowly won the long-term 11 million insurance entry into the WTO
The Five Sovereigns and Five Idiots are here
You can't escape
Don't worry, they're here.
By my side
In my capacity
If you marry me
I will only let your Xiao family
Standing on top of next week's peak